# mod2compMovieConcessionStand
This exercise demonstrates your competency in the skills learned in this module. You must complete this exercise on your own, without any help from an instructor or another student. If you get stuck, go back through the relevant sections in the book, the quizzes, and the assignments for this module -- everything you need to do in this exercise has been covered in this module.  These are the skills you practiced in this module and will now demonstrate:  Input from and output to the console Formatting output to the console Math calculations (addition, multiplication) Selection (IF structures) Validating input    Module 2 Competency Exercise: Movie Concession Stand  In a previous exercise, you wrote a program to calculate the cost for tickets at a movie theater. You've purchased those tickets and are on your way in to see the movie, but you stop at the concession stand first to get snacks: popcorn, boxes of candy, and drinks. Write a program in C++ that asks the user how many of each item they wish to purchase, calculates the price, asks the user how much they are paying, and determines the change.  Use the following prices:  Popcorn costs $5.00 Candy costs $3.50 Drinks cost $2.50  For example, if the user wants 1 popcorn, 1 candy, and 2 drinks, the total cost is $13.50 -- $5.00 for popcorn, $3.50 for candy, and (2 * $2.50) or $5.00 for drinks. The user pays with $20, so the change is $20 - $13.50 or $6.50.   Validate that the user enters a money value for payment that is at least equal to the cost of the snacks. If not, provide an error message that they didn't pay enough money.  If the user doesn't purchase anything, display a message thanking them for stopping by.   Example of program with no errors:                                Example of program with errors in amount of money paid  M2 Good Run     M2 Errors  Example of program with no purchase:  M2 no purchase  Take screenshots of the execution of the program, using 3 different sets of data, as shown here: one must show good data, one must show some errors in the amount paid, and one must be the scenario where the user does not purchase anything.     NOTE: Remember the requirements for a header and a pause at the end of the program, discussed in the reading "Console Applications". These are required in every console application project.  Submission: Submit a single zipped folder containing all of the specified screenshots AND the root folder for the project.
